Quickstart guides for Packet, AWS and Bare Metal (#60)
kinvolk/lokomotive: docs/quickstarts/aws.md

It's better to start fresh in a new working directory, as the state of the cluster is stored in this
directory.

This also makes the cleanup task easier.

```console
mkdir -p lokomotive-infra/myawscluster
cd lokomotive-infra/myawscluster
```

### Step 3: Set up credentials from environment variables

The AWS credentials file can be found at `~/.aws/credentials` if you have set up and configured AWS
CLI before.  If you want to use that account, you don't need to specify any credentials for lokoctl.

You can also take any other credentials mechanism used by the AWS CLI but environment variables may
be the safest option. Either prepend them when starting lokoctl or export each of them once in the
current terminal session:

```console
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=EXAMPLEID AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=EXAMPLEKEY lokoctl ...
```
or

```console
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-east-1
```

### Step 4: Define cluster configuration

To create a Lokomotive cluster, we need to define a configuration.

A [production-ready configuration](../../examples/aws-production) is already provided for ease of

> use.  Copy the example configuration to the working directory and modify accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use. Copy the example configuration to the working directory and modify accordingly.
```

Reviewer: Also, I wouldn't suggest, that the user should modify this configuration file ("modify accordingly"). I would say something like:
> If you would like to modify default configuration, see components and platform documentation documents.

The intention is, that user should be able to use this configuration file by just dropping in correct `lokocfg.vars` file.

Author: This being a production cluster configuration example , the user is bound to modify it according to their.

Might as well say it and then point them to different documentation for their reference.

The provided configuration installs the Lokomotive cluster and the following components:

* [metrics-server](../configuration-guides/components/metrics-server.md)
* [openebs-operator](../configuration-guides/components/openebs-operator.md)
* [cert-manager](../configuration-guides/components/cert-manager.md)
* [flatcar-linux-update-operator](../configuration-guides/components/flatcar-linux-upate-operator.md)
* [openebs-storage-class](../configuration-guides/components/openebs-storage-class.md)
* [prometheus-operator](../configuration-guides/components/prometheus-operator.md)

You can configure the components as per the requirements.

> Create a variables file `lokocfg.vars` to define the variables present in the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a variables file in working directory named `lokocfg.vars` to set values for variables defined in the configuration file.
```

```
Once the command finishes, your Lokomotive cluster details are stored in the path you've specified
under `asset_dir`.

## Verification

A successful installation results in the output:

```console
module.aws-myawscluster.null_resource.bootkube-start: Still creating... [1m50s elapsed]
module.aws-myawscluster.null_resource.bootkube-start: Still creating... [2m0s elapsed]
module.aws-myawscluster.null_resource.bootkube-start: Creation complete after 2m6s [id=5156996152315868880]

Apply complete! Resources: 118 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.

Your configurations are stored in /home/imran/lokoctl-assets/myawscluster

Now checking health and readiness of the cluster nodes ...

Node              Ready    Reason          Message

ip-10-0-39-75     True     KubeletReady    kubelet is posting ready status
ip-10-0-39-78     True     KubeletReady    kubelet is posting ready status
ip-10-0-39-29     True     KubeletReady    kubelet is posting ready status
ip-10-0-12-241    True     KubeletReady    kubelet is posting ready status
ip-10-0-12-244    True     KubeletReady    kubelet is posting ready status
ip-10-0-12-249    True     KubeletReady    kubelet is posting ready status

> Success - cluster is healthy and nodes are ready!

Reviewer: The output will be different, as also the components will be installed. I'm not sure if that matters though.

```console
export KUBECONFIG=./lokomotive-assets/auth/kubeconfig
kubectl get nodes
```

## Cleanup

To destroy the Lokomotive cluster, execute the following commmand:

```console
lokoctl cluster destroy --confirm
```

You can safely delete the working directory created for this quickstart guide if you no longer
require it.

## Troubleshooting

### Stuck At Copy Controller Secrets

If there is an execution error or no progress beyond the output provided below:

```console
...
module.aws-myawscluster.null_resource.copy-controller-secrets: Still creating... (8m30s elapsed)
module.aws-myawscluster.null_resource.copy-controller-secrets: Still creating... (8m40s elapsed)
...
```

The error is because the `ssh_pubkeys` provided in the configuration is missing in the `ssh-agent`

To rectify the error, you need to:

1. Execute [Cleanup](#cleanup) step.
2. Follow the steps [to add the SSH key to the
   ssh-agent.](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent#adding-your-ssh-key-to-the-ssh-agent)
3. Retry [Step 5.](#step-5-create-lokomotive-cluster)

### IAM Permission Issues

>   * If the failure is due to insufficient permissions, check the IAM policy.

Reviewer: Maybe we can remove this part? It doesn't seem too comprehensive.

Author: I think it makes sense if the user is using aws credentials that do not have appropriate access.

Reviewer: I would elaborate it more then. Or point to some AWS docs with instruction for further debugging.

## Conclusion

After walking through this guide, you've learned how to set up a Lokomotive cluster on AWS.

## Next steps

You now have an understanding of how to create a Lokomotive cluster on AWS.

This quickstart guide did not cover configuring all the available options in the cluster

> configuration.  For more information, you can visit the [AWS configuration

Reviewer: This is duplicated from the configuration section. Maybe we can refer here to all components documentation and say something like "and now you can deploy your own workloads on the cluster"?
